# 3D Graphics and Animation 
Explanation of the modelling processes for all blender models.

Police Model: The model for the police was made using the starting cube and numerous cuts, extrudes, scaling and rotations. The police model also includes the police cap which was made by duplicating the top of the head scaling it to increase the size and adding cuts to shape it into a hat. The hat is also seperated into a different object. Different colored materials were used to color the model. The Addon "Auto Mirror" was selected to make modelling easier as you only have to model 1 half. The model was then given an armature so that it could be animated. The animations made are named as "Idle" and "Running" which were made using the action editor and moving/rotating different parts of the model.

Police Car Model: The model was made using a cube has the body of the car and cylinders for the wheels. The hole for the wheels were made using the boolean modifier and selecting the correct object and then clicking apply. To make modelling the car easier, the Mirror modifier was used, which meant that the modelling process only has to be done on one side of the car. The Headlights and license plate for the car were made using sub-divide and then scaling them accordingly. Similarly the police lights on top of the car was made in the same way. The windows of the car were made by first using inset face and then extrude along normals to push the face in. The materials used for the police lights and the headlights are emission materials with their respective colors. The rims of the wheel as well as the bumper and handles of the car are both mix shaders which is combination of glossy and diffuse BSDF. The wheels and the body of the car use basic color materials.

Robber Model: The robber model is very similar to the police model with a difference being the hat worn by the robber is not a different object instead the model has two other objects namely, the "crowbar" and the "Bag" which is carried by the robber in his two hands. These objects all have their own basic color material while the crowbar has a glossy material to give it a metallic view. The robber also has an idle and running animation just like the police model, but there is one more animation which is used in the beginning of the video sequence which shows the robber looking to his left and right as the police arrive. This animation was made by just rotating and moving the body and the head of the robber.

Truck Model: The model of the truck uses the police car as a base. The backsets of the police car model were deleted and the back of the car was stretched to make it longer while the front sets of the car model were pushed to the front just under the front wheels. A container was then added at the back and given a black color material similar to the wheels. The window of the truck is given a glass material.
